TODO
Black bars on z target
z target cursor per view
what is incompatible with grid mode? (render) coopMultiView check
frustum culling on world/items/npcs/enemies


 - X/Y item icons (textures are shared resource — needs per-player texture assignment)
 - Life gauge, magic meter, rupees (uses shared save data)
 - Item wheel (separate overlay, needs per-player instance)




Keep grabbing and matching batches from claim-smallest.py until there's no more left
/goal add Keep grabbing and matching batches from criware! Keep going and don't give up! Do them all manually
in batches
/goal add Keep grabbing and matching batches from kyoshin! Keep going and don't give up! Do them all manually
in batches


 Also worth fixing: CScn.cpp has a pre-existing duplicate extern "C" build error blocking 2 recertifications.
 
  Can you grab a fully matched TU (matched except data) and do the following:
 1. Create the proper classes and structs
 2. Get rid of all void pointers and pointer arithmetic
 3. Remove as much extern "C" as possible
 4. Rename parameters and variables to human friendly names, IF you are confident
 5. Add comments for complicated code sections or functions
 6. Clean up code if possible

 Make SURE you keep functions matching! NO REGRESSIONS!
 
 
 
I want you to discuss writing a new llm-harness from scratch with me. Here's what I'm thinking, and I will
include ideas from other projects later:

The new harness would be a more conversational flow. The LLM would be provided with inital input (asm, full
header, full cpp (if c++), language, etc) and be provided with a few tools: (compile, hexdiff, search
includes, look at file, etc). The conversation would continue until the agent submits the c++ changes
(function, optional includes/header changes/cpp changes). Here's my questions:

1. Would this flow be fitting for decomp vs our current llm harness?
2. What tools would be useful in this flow? (I want only what's needed and useful)
3. How should we structure the agent patches/changes (create header, add at line, replace lines?)? What
format would the llm work best with?
4. I want to ensure the llm doesn't cheat, and outputs quality code (no extern "C", no void pointers, create
structs and classes as needed)
5. Should we allow the LLM to edit other functions in the file as well?


It's using array accessors to get around pointer arithmetic bans
same thing with stupid code like this:

u32* p = (u32*)self;
    return p[0x2c / sizeof(u32)] + p[0x28 / sizeof(u32)];
	
every reinterpret_cast should be looked at


pi harness light pipeline (1 pass on every file
- pointer arith -> types and field access
- remove void * and convert to class members
- pass to make everything make sense and add comments


ak_2ea2SS9u23GC0dy52O1Gb0Xq9nm4V


Can you finish matching all CriWare TUs? Use paseo skill and use the following agents: pi/openrouter/deepseek-v4-flash-0731 with max thinking
- for easy targets, batch them (10 per agent)
- for hard targets, small batches of similar targets (2 or 3)

Use as much agents as you need. Babysit the agents, and have 10 or so agents running at a time. When an agent finishes, start a new batch. Start with the leaf targets first.

The agents should follow these rules:
- Do not use pi harness! 
- Don't git reset all changes, there are other agents working on this branch! 
- Do not use subagents, do the work yourself!
- Don't ask questions, keep working until you are done
- cycle and commit targets once they're accepted
- Don't investigate other compilers, this is the correct compiler! It is possible to recreate this in C/C++